The mood at Phalaphala FM&#39;s studios in Thohoyandou Sunday (11th) was that of a church conference, with pastors from across the Vhembe district and hundreds of community members attending a prayer service.King Toni Mphephu Ramabulana and Thulamela Mayor Mushoni Tshifhango, who have&nbsp;been very vocal against the scourge of ritual killings and other social ills, attended. Among the pastors were veterans Dr Maswole Ragimana, Bishop Peter Rabali and Dr Alunamutwe Randitsheni.The prayer service, held in a big tent at the radio station, was the brainchild of Phalaphala FM, who partnered with local pastors. It was aimed at restoring peace in the district that is overwhelmed with killings, drug abuse, kidnappings and the abuse of women and children.Phalaphala FM programme&#39;s manager, Ms Sharon Ravele, said that they could not keep quiet&nbsp;while so many wrongs and bad things were happening in the area. &ldquo;This is indeed a great and special day for the station and its listeners, where we come together and pray for all the ills that are happening our area. We all know that prayer is a weapon that can fight all evil forces. It is an answer to all our challenges, it is our shelter in times of need and it brings answers to all our challenges that we come across in life.&rdquo;She added that the station also had&nbsp;the responsibility to educate and bring light to communities. &ldquo;We cannot keep quiet&nbsp;when things are going wrong. We are here to pray for peace, for an end to ritual killings, drug and alcohol abuse, gambling that is tearing families apart and other societal ills.&rdquo;She said that all must join hands and pray together that God intervene&nbsp;and the situation return to normal.Speaking during the prayer service, King Toni Mphephu Ramabulana said he was saddened by what was happening in his area. He had given an instruction to all Vho-Thovhele under him to make this an agenda point during their community meetings and&nbsp;urged all to join hands in identifying the market that is making the killings&nbsp;thrive.&ldquo;There are people who know about who is&nbsp;involved in these crimes.&nbsp;We urge all to work together with the police in rooting out all involved in these crimes,&rdquo; he said.Mphephu commended the station for having come up with the initiative. During the service, clergy from different churches were given slots for specific prayers. There was also a mass prayer that included masses of Phalaphala listeners.