Women from Louis Trichardt and surrounding areas recently joined women from across the country to protest against the ruthless killing of their sisters.The #stopkillingwomen gathering took place at the Louis Trichardt Information centre on Sunday, 4 June. The speakers urged women to use their voices and speak out about all forms of violence against women.Ms Takalani Tshinesa, one of the stars of the SABC 2 series, Muvhango, said that community members from around Vhembe must fight the scourge of violence against women and children in the area. &ldquo;If we can join hands and work together in partnerships, we can win the war against the killing of women and children,&rdquo; she said.Tshinesa said that while the government was taking the lead in deploying women in senior and other strategic positions, many women were still choosing to be trapped under the &lsquo;sexual harassment for job opportunities&rsquo; curse. Tshinesa said that the days when&nbsp;women used to keep quiet while they were being abused were&nbsp;over. She said that many men still beat their spouses, only to apologize the following day. &ldquo;Let us not keep quiet when you are being abused. You can always contact social workers who are available to assist in this regard,&rdquo; said Tshinesa.Ms Mulalo Masikwa, one of the organisers of the event, said that many women were killed by their boyfriends. &ldquo;Will violence against women ever stop in this country?&rdquo;&nbsp;she asked. She said that women were violated daily by men who claimed to love them. &ldquo;I wonder if these men really love women, judging by how they treat them. I ask myself every day why men are unable to let go without resorting to violence.&rdquo;Masikwa said that it seemed&nbsp;as if violent and brutal crimes were on the rise and that nothing had&nbsp;been done to curb the killings. &ldquo;The right to life and freedom of expression are the birthright of all. It must be respected and exercised by everyone in society,&rdquo; she said. Masikhwa urged community members to report their abusers to the police, so that they can be put behind bars where they belong.