Local residents are shocked after three people were killed during the past week - two in an alleged mob justice killing and one allegedlly as part of the country-wide dispute over taxi routes.Angry residents of Mashau Matsindevhe went on the&nbsp;rampage on Sunday night and killed two men who were accused of terrorizing the community.The weekend&rsquo;s mob attack&nbsp;follows a spate of killings in and around Mpheni village, not far from Mashau. Residents say they were tired of the acts of criminality in their area. &ldquo;Enough is enough. We have had enough of crime in this area, mostly at the hands of these guys and their friends. So many people have been killed in this area and the community could no longer walk freely to places, because of them,&rdquo; said a community member, who preferred to remain anonymous.&ldquo;This will send a clear message to would-be criminals that crime does not pay at all. We are relieved now that they are gone, and we believe the area will be peaceful again,&rdquo; he added.&nbsp;He said that crime was at an all-time high. &ldquo;We are very concerned as a community, but we are giving a warning to would-be criminals not to dare venture into&nbsp;our village as their safety will not be guaranteed. The community is angry and the police will not always be there to protect them,&rdquo; he said.Limpopo police spokesperson Lt-Col Moatshe Ngoepe said the latest incident was a source of great concern to the police. &ldquo;We have launched a massive manhunt for a group of community members who have brutally murdered the two local men,&rdquo; he said.Ngoepe reiterated his special call to all members of the community to refrain from taking the law into their own hands. &ldquo;Whenever they come across or know the whereabouts of a suspect, or witness a person committing crime, they must conduct a citizen&rsquo;s arrest without harming or killing that person or they should call the police, who will come and arrest that person,&rdquo; Ngoepe said.The deceased were identified as Nyelisani Thandavhathu (32) and Lufuno Munyai (43). The police are stilling looking for the suspects who killed the two men.* Incidents of taxi violence are fast becoming the order of the day and a way of life for taxi drivers and owners.Three weeks ago, a driver of the Beit Bridge-Polokwane Taxi Association was shot dead in cold blood while ferrying passengers from Beit Bridge to Polokwane. The assassins fled into nearby bushes leaving the passengers stranded. Suspicions are that the death was as a result of the fight for routes by taxi owners.The ongoing fight for routes has instilled fear among drivers and owners fearing who would be next on the line. Last Friday, another taxi owner, Mr David Muthelo (52) of Ha-Raliphaswa in the Nzhelele area was shot dead while at the Nzhelele Spar on Friday.According to police, the man who was in the company of his wife and a girl aged 16, was busy parking when they were surprised by two unknown men who shot at them, killing him instantly. His wife sustained serious injuries and has been taken to the hospital for treatment. The girl was not injured, police said.Lt Col Ngoepe said that the suspects are at this stage not known, but hinted that they could not rule out the possibility of taxi related violence in the case. No one has been arrested so far in connection with the incident.&ldquo;We have transferred the case to the Tracking Team for further investigations and urge those who might have witnessed the incident or have information about it to contact Capt Richard Boshomane at 084 322 1341, or the nearest police station or crime stop at 0860 010 111 or the crime line SMS 32211,&quot; added Ngoepe.The Nzhelele area has for years been a scene of deadly taxi killings and violence but this subsided some years ago.