A senior citizen of Madabani in Sinthumule Gogo Mudalahothe Maemu celebrated her 110th birthday during a joyous ceremony on Saturday.According to one of her grandchildren, Mr Auodious Mhlangeni, they organised the party just to please their grandmother. &quot;It was right to organise a party for her, because she is where most people will never be. It is good to pay tribute to a person while she is still alive, rather than to buy expensive things when he or she has died. We love our grandmother as she loves us too,&quot; said Mhlangeni.Maemu walks with the aid of a walking stick, is still strong and hopes to celebrate many more birthdays. Her eyesight is deteriorating, but her strong hearing and razor-sharp mind keep her days enjoyable. She has five&nbsp;children, 24 grandchildren and 30 great-grandchildren.&quot;We used to travel for long distances on foot because there were no cars,&quot; said Maemu. &ldquo;The elders spent most of their time tilling the land for food and young boys and girls like us were responsible for looking after the goats and cows,&rdquo; she says. Maemu says the secrets of her long life are eating healthy food and listening to the elders. &quot;I have enjoyed fruit and vegetables throughout my life and I have never consumed alcohol,&quot; she says.&quot;We spent most of the time playing indigenous games, such as mufuvha, and that kept our bodies strong. There were certain taboos that the elders told us not to do and I believe that increased the days of our lives. I would like more generations to know about our times, although I believe that I will still live for many years to come.&rdquo;&ldquo;If you live a clean life, God will bless you and you will live long,&rdquo; she said. The youngsters must also respect their elders and preserve their culture. &ldquo;Eat healthy food and distance yourself from alcohol,&rdquo; she said.Maemu told Limpopo Mirror that she had never gone to school. &quot;During our days, there was no schooling and our parents also did not even go to school,&quot; she added.&nbsp;