The University of Venda (Univen), in partnership with the Limpopo Provincial Department of Health, hosted the She Conquers Campaign last week to educate students and learners, especially young women, about issues that might put their lives at risk.The campaign took place from Monday until Friday last week at Univen.&nbsp;The theme of this year&#39;s campaign was&nbsp;A year of healthy living towards a healthy lifestyle for all.The topics addressed were: blessers vs blessees; unwanted pregnancy and contraceptives; drug and alcohol abuse; &nbsp;sexual offence and gender-based violence; &nbsp;financial literacy; male medical circumcision; endometriosis; cervical cancer and pap smear, and ask a man.The campaign was also attended by pupils of the Marude Secondary School.The MEC for Health, Dr Phophi Ramathuba, advised students that they do not need expensive artificial attachments such as Brazilian hair and artificial nails to look beautiful. &ldquo;You are beautiful the way you look. Stop dating older men for money and material things,&rdquo; she said. &ldquo;You are not here to collect pregnancies and diseases. Focus on what brings you here, which is to collect your qualifications.&rdquo;She also advised them to stop sleeping with teachers and lecturers in exchange of marks. &ldquo;It will not help you to get anywhere. A teacher can give you free marks from Grade 8 until matric, but those marks will never help you to pass matric,&rdquo; she added. &ldquo;Stop selling your body in exchange for material things. Work hard and succeed without donating anything to anyone.&rdquo;She warned the students about the dangers of HIV/Aids. &ldquo;Your families are waiting for you to start earning your own salaries and be independent,&rdquo; she added.The president of the SRC, Mandla Shikwambana, added that the students&rsquo; families were waiting for them to take them out of poverty. He encouraged them to study hard and become blessers of their own families and not the blessees&nbsp;of older men.