The mayor of the Makhado Municipality, Cllr Shonisani Sinyosi, has officially launched the third annual mayoral tournament at Louis Trichardt last Thursday.The tournament caters for soccer, netball, basketball and athletics and received a R100 000 sponsorship from the municipality.Sinyosi stated that without the commitment of the participating teams, the tournament would not have grown to its current stature. &ldquo;We are humbled by your commitment to the cause of charity. In you, we see the true epitome of ubuntu.&rdquo;Sinyosi said sport had the power to create a good climate in the municipality and the community. She emphasised that all youths must participate in sport. &ldquo;Sports and education are the keys to the future of our youth,&rdquo; she said.She appealed to the club officials and players not to involve themselves in wrongdoings such as bribery and assault on&nbsp;referees, saying that such conduct would not only bring the tournament into disrepute, but it would also dent the image of the sport.The chairperson of Makhado Sport Council, Mr Obby Moseboa said that the Makhado residents are very grateful for a tournament of this magnitude. &ldquo;We believe it came at the right moment as it will keep people occupied during this period of the year. The municipality is serious about giving back to the communities in which it operates by providing the opportunity to participate in the sport free of charge,&rdquo; he said.He said that it is important that future stars&rsquo; talent be identified at grassroots level. He applauded the municipality for helping to identify the talent of the region&rsquo;s youth.The champions in the soccer will receive R4 000, a soccer kit, gold medals, ball and a trophy, while the runners-up will receive R2 500, a soccer kit, ball and silver medals. The third placed team will receive R1 000, ball and bronze medals and the fourth-placed team will receive R800 and a soccer kit.In the netball category prizes for the champions are R2 000, a netball kit, gold medals and a ball. The team which will end in second position will get R1 000, a netball kit and silver medals.In basketball, the winners will go home with R2 000, a kit and gold medals. The runners-up will receive R1 000, a kit and silver medals. The winner of the 7km fun run will receive R500, with R250 for the second placed runner and R150 for the third runner. The winner of the 5km fun walk will receive R350 with R150 and R100 for the next two athletes.