In several villages, when there is a lack of service delivery, there are individuals who normally stand up and utilise their own resources to reach the municipalities and make sure that services are delivered.Everyone notices these individuals&#39; hard work, but people rarely recognise or acknowledge their good works in public. However, the Khubvi community had made an exception by recognising Mr Fhatuwani Mudau during a recent event, the Mutamvuni Tshiseluselu Celebration Day.A resident of Khubvi village, Mudau is a member of the Mutamvuni Tshiseluselu Civic. He often&nbsp;uses&nbsp;his personal resources to serve his community, and now the community decided to acknowledge his efforts and contribution to the community. &ldquo;It is only good and heartwarming to see your fellow residents and community leadership acknowledging your work and efforts while you are still alive,&rdquo; he said.The local traditional leader, Vhamusanda Thinawanga Randima, lauded Mudau for his contribution towards community building. &ldquo;Mudau is our hero; I say so when I look into his good works of community building,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;He always contributes money&nbsp;and resources for good causes here in the community. He is highly spirited and this is good for a young man like him. We look forward to see and witness more of his good works in our community.&rdquo;Vhamusanda Randima said that they hoped to honour more residents at&nbsp;the next annual Mutamvuni Tshiseluselu Celebration Day.An esteemed author, Mr Mmbengwa Watson Mbulaheni, told the people that he had enjoyed working with Mudau on his literature projects. Mudau had authored a collection of poetry, entitled Khono dza Vhudzulavhafu, and compiled and edited several poetry anthologies for the school curriculum. &ldquo;I respect this young man for his dedication as a writer and a community builder,&rdquo; Mbulaheni said. &ldquo;He proved that he was a hard worker when he was recently elected into the committee of Ward 11 of the Thulamela Municipality. It only showed that people believed in him as a leader.&rdquo;Mudau thanked all the people who had acknowledged his contribution to his community and promised that he would continue to work hard and demonstrate full respect for his people at all times.