Each time when a veteran in every field gets up, many people also get to their feet and give him or her a standing ovation as a means of respect and admiration. This is because they know for sure that what the veteran is going to say or do will give them joy and happiness.The good news for all gospel music lovers is that veteran gospel artist Paul Muladzi has just released his latest album, entitled Ri tshi fa fhano fhasi. The title refers to the belief that when people die, they are only departing from this world to a place where they will have to face eternity, either in hell or heaven.So far, this is Mulaudzi&#39;s 23rd full-length album and it comprises 11 songs. &ldquo;This is the project I had been working on from around 2015 and I wanted to give my fans quality music that would remind them of the old days,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;Gospel music should live on your mind long after you had listened to it. If it does not stay long in your mind, then the singer has&nbsp;failed to achieve gospel&#39;s main reason or effect,&rdquo; he saidSome standout songs from the album are Samuel, Musadzi wa Loto, Vha nga si tende, and Thoma nga nne. These are all popular songs that Mulaudzi give solid but electrifying renditions, to the amazement and delight of those who listen to them.Mulaudzi&#39;s musical journey started in the early 1980s in the ZCC church, where he began taking his musical talent seriously. However, it was only in 1989 that his debut album, Ndi na Murena, came out, followed by Tshira tsha muthu ndi mbilu (1989).He is aware that he is among the most pirated recording singers and this knowledge has become a great pain in his heart. &ldquo;At some stage you even think of quitting doing music but there are ardent fans who&nbsp;keep phoning and wanting to know when your next album is due,&rdquo; he said.Mulaudzi has&nbsp;been affected by piracy to such an extent that he sought financial help from Mr Sam Ntshauba of Nzhelele Funerals in Vhembe district to enable him to record and market his current project. &ldquo;I heartily thank Mr Ntshauba for believing in my talent and funding my musical project,&rdquo; Mulaudzi acknowledged.Those who are interested in the music of Paul Mulaudzi can phone him on 082 700 6071.