The community of Lufule 2 outside Thohoyandou&nbsp;started the new year on a bitter note, after two people and a mansion were burnt to ashes. It is believed the couple, Emmanuel Netili (36) and Rialivhuha Nevhutalu (25), were alone at around 05:00 in the morning when the incident happened.Their bodies were found next to each other near the door of the kitchen, leading many to believe they were trying to escape the inferno. Ironically, the house where the incident happened is situated just next to the busy Punda Maria road where the Nevhutalu&#39;s mother was killed in a road accident two years ago.News of the incident spread like wildfire and within a short space of time there were many cars along the road next to the house. Many family members who arrived at the house cried uncontrollably after seeing the bodies. Renowned cleric&nbsp;Dr Alunamutwe Randitsheni, who also arrived at the house, gave hope to the family by quoting verses from the Bible.The circumstances leading to the burning of the house and subsequent death of the two were not clear, but information at this paper&#39;s disposal is that the two had personal differences and their cases were reported to the police on different occasions.Family member Lavhelesani Maphangwa said the family was grief-stricken and greatly saddened by the incident. &quot;We were looking forward to a good start to 2017 and all has been brought to a complete halt by this. So far, we have no idea of what could have happened as there was no witness to the incident. We are waiting for the police to do their work, who will give us a clue as to what happened,&quot; he said.Limpopo police spokesperson&nbsp;Lt Col Moatshe Ngoepe confirmed the incident. &quot;The motive for&nbsp;this incident is still unknown so far and we have brought in experts from Pretoria who will conduct investigations. The outcome&nbsp;of the investigation will tell us the cause,&quot; he said.Meanwhile, the two were buried at separate villages over the weekend, with Nevhutalu being buried at Lwamondo and Netili at Tshikombani.