The top matric results for 2016 in Limpopo came, much to the surprise of everyone, from the Vhuronga 1 school circuit that falls within the Vuwani area in the Vhembe district.This area had to suffer several incidents of unrest during the past years where schools were burnt down and the education process interrupted. This circuit scored a 81.2% pass rate, with 757 candidates who wrote and 615 who passed.The MEC for Education, Ishmael Kgetjepe, said last Thursday during the official announcement of the provincial results that the circuit had performed exceptionally well, despite its schools having lost valuable teaching and learning time because of the unrest. He further said the Vhuronga 2 and Hlanganani North circuits, whose schools were also affected by the Vuwani unrests, had performed above the national norm of 60%.Asked about the secret behind the good results, the circuit manager of Vhuronga 1, Mr David Mafune, said that it was through the dedication of the circuit managers, teachers, learners and parents that they scooped up the award for the best Limpopo circuit.&ldquo;The involvement of all stakeholders, which included parents, SGB members and traditional leaders, also contributed to the good performance,&rdquo; he said. He said they worked as a family, with a lot of attention given to pupils, as well as advice on their personal lives.&ldquo;We are parents here at the circuit. Some of our pupils sometimes get lost and we call them to order. We are very proud to say that some of those we had helped&nbsp;managed to get many distinctions and made the circuit very proud,&rdquo; said Mafune.He encouraged the youth to take education seriously, so that they can face the challenges of the future with ease. He encouraged the parents to cooperate with the Department of Education and other stakeholders for the benefit of education in the country. He said it was important to set up realistic goals that could be achieved within a given period in life. &ldquo;Failure does not necessarily mean that one has to stop pursuing your dreams.&rdquo;Rivoni School for the Blind is the best school in the province and their learner, Zacharia Nyathi, is one of the candidates invited by the Minister of Education, Angie Motshega, to attend the National Awards ceremony held in Midrand. &ldquo;The school produced a 100% pass rate,&rdquo; said Kgetjepe.