The roads in the Tshitale area remain blockaded and no schooling has taken place since the academic year started last Wednesday. Community members embarked on a shutdown, demanding a tarred road.The residents of Mashamba, Nthabalala, Mulima and Muila went on the rampage, demanding that roads must be constructed in the area. Two schools, Vari Primary and Denga Secondary, were torched in Nthabalala on Sunday and Monday night and a post office, three vehicles and an office of the Department of Water Affairs office were also damaged during the protests.Residents from seven villages in the Nzhelele area barricaded the R523 between Wylliespoort and Sibasa with burning tyres and rocks, demanding that the Matsa gravel road be tarred. Some parents had reportedly told their children to join the protest, instead of going to school. Teachers and other education officials were also not allowed to travel to school, with angry residents stopping them and turning them back.The burning of schools is not foreign to Vuwani. In 2016, Humula Secondary School in the Malamulele District was set alight and almost 30 schools were torched and vandalised, following a protest against the incorporation of the Lim345 municipality. The rioting has continued, despite negotiations between community leaders and Limpopo MEC for Public Works&sbquo; Roads and Infrastructure&nbsp;Mr Jerry Ndou.Tshitale Community Forum spokesman&nbsp;Mr Edson Khomola said residents were not satisfied with the contents of the commitment letter from the department. He said they wanted a letter which clearly states that a tarred road will be constructed in the area, while also giving a specific date for construction to resume. &quot;Parents kept their children from school because they feared for their safety,&quot; he said. Khomola said services for social grants, clinics and undertakers were allowed to operate during the shutdown. He said the community would only consider stopping the protest once they received&nbsp;a commitment letter on the project from the department.A Grade 12 pupil, Masindi Maleka, said that she felt very bad about the situation. &ldquo;I&#39;m afraid this will affect my studies if the problem is not resolved,&quot; she said.&nbsp;She said that was getting ready for school when her aunt told her to stay home because there was a protest.Another Grade 12 pupil, Mashudu Madogwa, said he was also concerned that he could not go to school. &quot;I&#39;m worried because there is no school and shops are also closed. We are forced to buy food in Elim, which is far,&quot; he said. Thovhele Vho-Vhutshilo Nthabalala said: &ldquo;We condemn the disruption and burning of the school. We really don&rsquo;t have the right to hold the future hostage&rdquo;.However, school pupils from the torched school managed to pass the 2016 matric exam.The provincial education department said it was worrying that scores of children were&nbsp;suffering because of community unrest.Provincial police spokesman Brigadier Motlafela Mojapelo said Denga High School and Vari Primary&#39;s building in the Tshitale area were torched during the night. Mojapelo said there were also reports that the block of classrooms at the primary school which had not initially been burnt was finished off overnight.A total of 44 suspects have been arrested for the public violence that took place in the areas of Tshitale and Mphephu, Mojapelo said.