The future looks bright for Aron Rasivhetshele, better known as 30 Mrepa in local Venda Rap (VenRap) music circles.This comes after the&nbsp;young man from Makonde village&nbsp;won the Song of the Year Category during the Afri-Dzonga Music Awards 2016, which were&nbsp;recently held at Malamulele Stadium. The piece that separated 30 Mrepa from the boys is his hit song, A tshi dzungudzi, which is penetrating the music scene with unstoppable force.&nbsp;&nbsp;30 Mrepa remains one of the best up-and-coming VenRap artists who will automatically leave his critics with their mouths open. His acrobatic dances, exceptional vocal flow and engagement with fans&nbsp;give&nbsp;him a clear advantage in his blossoming music career.After winning the award, Rasivhetshele said that he had made a name for himself in other provinces &quot;and this was the time to impress people at home. Most of the people just know me as a young boy from Makonde, but it was the perfect opportunity to realize my potential, so that everybody can know that I exist. I&rsquo;m happy because I have also managed to impress those who took me for granted.&rdquo;He said after winning the award, he has been&nbsp;receiving bookings on a daily basis. &ldquo;When God open doors, no one can close them. I have gigs lining up and I will make sure that I put in extra effort to impress more. I&rsquo;m also happy that my music is receiving massive airplay both on Phalaphala FM and regional community radio stations.&rdquo;An electrical engineer by profession, Rasivhetshele says despite his support, he also owes his success to fellow artists like Papa Thile, Ramzee Bamba, Adolf and V-Boy. &ldquo;Those are my musical teachers who made me what I am today.&rdquo;He concluded: &ldquo;I would have not done justice if I don&rsquo;t thank my loyal fans who voted endlessly for me to get the award. Words alone cannot express my gratitude. I dedicate this award to all my fans for their kind and endless support.&rdquo;Follow him on:&nbsp;