Pupils at the Petamukanda Primary School in Madombidzha village are still being taught in overcrowded classrooms because of the lack of infrastructure. The school has a shortage of educators, chairs and desks.Limpopo Mirror visited the school on Monday and discovered that at least four pupils are sharing a desk. The representative of the parents, Ms Selinah Mukwevho, said that overcrowding in classrooms continued&nbsp;to affect the pupils&rsquo; ability to focus. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s summer now and very hot here in the village,&rdquo; she said. &ldquo;We have visited the school and pupils look sleepy and tired as it gets excessively hot in the classroom. We request the department to intervene.&rdquo;The DA&rsquo;s provincial spokesperson on education, Jacques Smalle, visited Petamukanda Primary School during the party&rsquo;s &ldquo;oversight visit&rdquo; to schools and discovered that the school had an enrollment of 1 095 learners who all shared 14 classrooms. There are 27 educators for all those pupils. In one classroom, the party counted 135 learners.Smalle said that the kind of overcrowding&nbsp;found at Petamukanda was unacceptable and against the department of education&rsquo;s learner-to-educator ratio (LER).&ldquo;The department&rsquo;s learner-to-educator ratio states clearly that no more than 40 learners per classroom is allowed,&rdquo; he said. He stated that more schools in the province were experiencing a problem similar to that of Petamukanda.So far, the DA has already written to the Portfolio Committee of Education, requesting that a comprehensive report be compiled.&nbsp;&ldquo;The DA urges the Limpopo MEC for Education, Ishmael Kgetjepe, to urgently intervene in this crisis by providing mobile classrooms, chairs and desks as an interim measure to address overcrowding,&rdquo; Smalle said.The spokesperson for the Department of Education, Dr Naledzani Rasila, admitted that the department was experiencing problems with a lack of infrastructure in most schools. &ldquo;The school in question is not the only affected school,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;We have put in place an infrastructure programme where we are building new schools, and renovate and fix specific problems in schools,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;We work in line with our programme and a specific budget, so we are unable to tell you as to when a problem in a particular school will be addressed.&rdquo;Rasila urged schools to submit reports on all infrastructure needs to circuit offices, who would then forward them to the district for attention.