The angel of death seems to have found a way of taking members of the Masiagwala family one after another.The family lost Ntodeni Masiagwala in November last year. Three weeks ago, another member of the family, Mr Johannes Masiagwala, also passed on.As if that was not enough, yet another member of the family, Mr Mashudu Elvis Masiagwala, was&nbsp;gunned down in cold blood on Tuesday evening.The 62-year-old Masiagwala, a construction worker, was found dead in an unfinished house at Phiphidi outside Thohoyandou on Wednesday morning at around 06:00 by family members. It is believed he had gone out to relieve himself at an outside toilet the previous evening.His death has left so many questions, but his family strongly believe his murder was carefully planned &ldquo;hit&rdquo;. Neighbours, who preferred anonymity, said that they heard four gunshots and a scream before a vehicle started and sped&nbsp;away. The incident has shocked the peaceful village and residents are in a state of shock.Early on Wednesday, many people from the village and the surrounding area gathered at the house where Masiagwala was killed. Different units of the police were&nbsp;at the scene. Some members of the family, who were very traumatised, were sobbing while his body was being taken away by pathologists to a waiting mortuary van.Mr Masiagwala&rsquo;s daughter, Ms Suzan Masiagwala, said the family were watching TV when her father went outside the house. &quot;Soon after he had left the house, we heard gunshots and a scream, that was followed by a vehicle speeding away. We phoned neighbours, who told us the shots&nbsp;were from our yard. We were very scared to go out and it is only this morning that we realized that my father had been shot and killed,&quot; she said.Mr Avhafunani Masiagwala, the deceased&rsquo;s son, said the family was still in shock and did not know what could have happened. &quot;We strongly believe that our father&#39;s death was a well-orchestrated and -planned hit. Our father did not have enemies, and if he did have some, we did not know about them,&rdquo; he added.Avahfunani further indicated that his father worked far away from home and only came back on Friday and it was surprising as to how his assailants knew he was back home&nbsp;and how they had known his movements that led to his killing.The grieving son said they had&nbsp;put everything&nbsp;in the hands of the police, who they believe would unravel the mystery. &quot;We never thought our father would die in this cruel fashion.&quot;Newly appointed Thohoyandou police spokesperson&nbsp;Capt Takalani Malogwa confirmed the incident. &quot;We have opened a case of murder. No one has been arrested so far and investigations are continuing,&quot; said Malogwa.He further appealed to members of the public who might have seen something or know something about the incident to contact the nearest police station.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;