Residents of the Mpheni area are still shocked,&nbsp;following the gruesome killing of a woman last Thursday. Ms Rose Maduwa (41), a resident of Maebane in the Kutama area, died after she was allegedly stabbed in the head by her boyfriend.The news of her death spread like wildfire, and within minutes people from the surrounding areas were gathering at the scene of the murder. Maduwa was sleeping in her boyfriend&rsquo;s house when she was killed. She was allegedly strangled and stabbed in the head with a sharp object.Her lifeless body was discovered by a neighbour who went to the house to investigate, since he heard the two fighting the previous night. &ldquo;He (the owner of the house) used to wake up very early and we could see that he was awake. Last Thursday, it was different, because we couldn&acute;t see him moving around. We went there to check, only to find that the woman was dead,&rdquo; said the neighbour.According to the police, it is alleged that the suspect, Sthembiso Zuma, had had an argument with his girlfriend. It is said that the argument resulted in a fight, during which Maduwa was allegedly stabbed to death.The spokesperson for the Waterval police, W/O Foster Rambau, said that the incident had occurred at about midnight. &ldquo;We were alerted by members of the community about the incident, and when we arrived at the scene, Maduwa was lying dead on the ground,&rdquo; he said.He added that the police had subsequently opened a case of murder. &ldquo;Our investigations are still continuing. We also managed to arrest the suspect the next day.&nbsp;We urge community members to consult or engage third parties like elders and counsellors when faced with problems, to avoid such incidents,&rdquo; he said.Family representative&nbsp;Mr Albert Sadiki said that the family was saddened by the death. He said that the family and community were traumatised. &ldquo;We lost a family member. She was our breadwinner, and she cannot be replaced,&rdquo; he said.The chairperson of Munna Ndi Nnyi Men&rsquo;s Forum, Mr Bardwell Mufunwaini, said whoever had killed the woman was not a real man. &lsquo;Real men do not kill; they do not rape their women, but give comfort and security to them. Let us all shout out in one voice against the abuse and cruelty perpetrated against our womenfolk, and this country will be a better place to live in.&rdquo;Sthembiso Zuma (26) briefly appeared in the Waterval &nbsp;Magistrate&rsquo;s Court&nbsp;last Friday (17th) and the case was postponed to 30 March for a bail application.Maduwa will be laid to rest at the Maebane local cemetery in the village tomorrow (Saturday).