The Ratshihule family of Maniini Ha-Tshikovha outside Thohoyandou watched&nbsp;in agony as their one-room&nbsp;shack went up in smoke&nbsp;as a mysterious fire burnt it to the ground last Thursday&nbsp;evening.All the contents, including the fridge, room dividers, beds and other valuables, estimated at R40 000, were destroyed by the fire.Firefighters had to stand helplessly as the fire consumed the shack, as their engines could not reach the place because the recent rains had made the area inaccessible. Neighbours who came to help the family tried to extinguish the fire using buckets, but all their efforts were in vain as everything was destroyed.Mr Ndifelani Ratshihule (44), owner of the shack, said that he was not at home when the fire started, but managed to rush home in minutes. &quot;On arrival I found that the shack was already engulfed in flames. We tried to extinguish the fire using buckets of water, but all was in vain and everything was burnt in the fire,&quot; he said.Ratshihule further said the cause of the fire was not known, but that they suspected&nbsp;an electrical fault. &quot;It is very sad that we had to lose all we have worked for overin many years. We rely on piece jobs and we do not know how we are going to replace all the valuables.&rdquo;He said that the books of the children were, however, saved from the flames.During this paper&#39;s visit, a well-known taxi operator in the village,&nbsp;Ms Sarah Masidwali, arrived in the company of Ms Caroline Mavhunga of the Ha-Tshikovha royal council. She gave the family R500. &quot;We are here as concerned residents. When we heard of this tragedy we were very touched, and we felt we could not just fold our arms and pretend&nbsp;that everything was right. We have to assist each other, especially in times of need.&rdquo;She appealed to the members of the community to assist the family. Ratshihule thanked the two women and also the municipality, who brought them food parcels. He said that he was very thankful for the support they received from the community.Mavhunga said they would approach the municipality and find out what had happened to the family&rsquo;s RDP-house application.