Music Up-and-coming musicians in Limpopo stand to benefit immensely from a foundation started by Limpopo’s iconic gospel legend, Dr Roxley Fhatuwani Masevhe. Masevhe (58), whose music career spans more than 40 years and has released 40 albums and composed more than 500 songs, launched the Dr Roxley Fhatuwani Masevhe Music Foundation on Thursday. The launch took place during a gala dinner at the Devine Grace Temple hall at Itsani, the church Masevhe founded some years ago. Among the esteemed guests were Makhado-based businessman Eric Ramunyisi, Thulamela councillors Thiathu Tuwani and Madima Nenzhelele, businessmen, and well-known author and retired principal Watson Mmbengwa Mbulaheni. During the launch, Masevhe, who hails from a musical family, took the guests down memory lane by performing songs from the 40 albums that made him a big name in the gospel music arena. Masevhe, who is now a bishop in his church, said that he had paid his dues in the music industry and that it was time to plough back into his community. “There is a lot of talent in this area and it is up to us who have been in the industry for some time to assist others. We travelled over rough terrain as musicians; it took us years to get recording deals and we do not want our brothers and sisters to go the same way. We want to empower them.” He added that during 2017 they would identify 10 potential artists, more specifically disabled and women, and take them through training and support them until they had recorded their music. “We have partnerships with big record companies that are willing to help and we are sure they will succeed,” he added. Masevhe said that he had started with the training of young artists and that they had shown great potential. He said they were in the process of opening an office and appealed to businesspeople to come on board and assist the artists. Speakers during the launch heaped praises on Masevhe and commended the good work he is doing in the community. Mr Mbulaheni, who wrote a poem in honour of Masevhe, hailed the musician as a selfless servant of the people. “We know you are not doing this for yourself, but for the benefit of the less privileged. You are doing what God wants us to do, empowering others to be better persons,” he said. Artists who think that they have potential can phone Masevhe at 072 985 2017.