Angry community members of Vhulaudzi-Tshitavha set alight the buildings of its satellite police station and two police vehicles on Tuesday night, following the spate of violent protests that began last Saturday.Angry residents went on the rampage, blocking roads with burning tyres, rocks and other debris. Residents in Vhulaudzi allege the satellite police station in their area has not operated according to the required standards&nbsp;since its establishment. They accuse the police of failing to provide them with basic services.Residents also allege that the police had fired rubber bullets at the villagers when they arrived at the police station. They ended up setting alight the only satellite police station in the area. An anonymous source said the burning of the satellite station could be a way for the residents to show their dissatisfaction with the way the police were handling crime in the area.&nbsp;&ldquo;It seems they just do as they wish as people have to call or wait long to be helped by the police,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;We reported this issue to the station commander, but the situation is getting worse and the community has had enough.&rdquo; He said the lack of assistance by officers in the station had&nbsp;led to an increase in crime in the area. According to angry residents, the police do not deal with any case reported and that is why the community had said enough was&nbsp;enough and taken matters into their own hands.Khosikhulu Vho-Toni Mphephu Ramabulana has condemned the violence and torching of the satellite police station and said that the community should not vandalize the government&rsquo;s or other people&#39;s property.The spokesperson for the police, Brig Motlafela Mojapelo, also condemned the incident. &ldquo;The property they are burning belongs to them, as the government wants them to get services closer to their homes. We have opened a case of malicious damage to property in respect of the damage caused by residents and an arson case.&rdquo; He added that 18 suspects had&nbsp;been arrested so far and that they would appear in court soon. A large number of police members were also deployed in the area, he added.