Literature Phumudzo Themeli from Tshikambe Village in the Vhembe District is the author of the book A confused child in the darkness, based on true story. Themeli, a professional nurse, motivational speaker, caterer, and songwriter, also holds a diploma in nursing from the Lungile Nursing School. He says he wants to instil a sense of understanding, especially among young people to broaden their perspectives with his book. The book is based on his life experience. He faced the challenge of fear to reveal things about himself, till he asked God to give him strength and faith. “My desire is to speak faith into the lives of any individuals who interact with me. I have a burning passion deep in my heart to encourage those in despair and have lost hope in life. This book is filled with messages of hope," he added. "My goal is to inspire you to expand your vision, so that you may find courage to overcome any obstacle that will come your way and you are able to achieve and accomplish your dreams. My life has not been any better or more fulfilling than any of yours. The challenges I have faced might not be profound, compared to what some of you have gone through. As you read from one chapter to another, you will discover how I overcame and conquered so many obstacles when my parents were not staying together”. He said he was raised by his mother and there were lots of confusing things he came across. Some were physical and emotional abuse that he was going through on his journey. “I used to run away from school and sleep on an empty stomach some days. I saw my mother abused in front of me and my journey was filled with pain and embarrassment. Seeing my mother beaten in front of me made me realise that pain is there to strengthen us, pain is there to determine the height of my blessings. Challenges that I went through in my life helped me to discover myself." He told Limpopo Mirror that his goal was to see people achieve their dreams through his book. “I want to have bursaries that can sustain the future of our youth. I value the principles of love, respect, peace, and always put other people first before myself. I faced several challenges while growing up with my mother as the sole breadwinner, such as poverty and discrimination, which motivated me to help other youths overcome the same challenges that I did and to follow their dreams.” He further said that, while preparing to enter into the writing industry, he attended seminars and workshops, so that he could sharpen and increase his skills. “It took me eight years to publish the book, but now I feel is the right time. I got courage from my fans, some of them at university, who encouraged me to write a book to develop myself,” he explained. He encourages young people to be disciplined and focused, have positive motives and fear God, which will help them to discover themselves. “Choose to have a role model in life, and education can also be the key of success in your future. Stay away from bad habits, such as abuse of drugs and alcohol,” he concluded.